	CHANGES in `ROCnReg' VERSION 1.0-1
		
	o	Argument `tag.heathy' in functions  pooledROC.dpm, pooledROC.BB, pooledROC.kernel, pooledROC.emp, cROC.bnp, cROC.sp, cROC.kernel, AROC.bnp, AROC.sp and AROC.kernel has been replaced by `tag.h'.

	o	Argument `formula.healthy' in functions cROC.bnp, cROC.sp, AROC.bnp and AROC.sp has been replaced by `formula.h'.

	o	Argument `formula.diseased' in functions cROC.bnp and cROC.sp has been replaced by `formula.d'.

	o	Argument `prior' in function AROC.bnp has been replaced by `prior.h'.

	CHANGES in `ROCnReg' VERSION 1.0-2
		
	o	 Options for parallel processing have been implemented (using R-package parallel).

	CHANGES in `ROCnReg' VERSION 1.0-3
		
	o	Bugs corrected.

	CHANGES in `ROCnReg' VERSION 1.0-4
		
	o	Bug corrected. Function cROC.bnp was returning the same posterior densities for both the healthy and diseased populations.

	CHANGES in `ROCnReg' VERSION 1.0-5
		
	o	The input argument 'data' or 'newdata' can be an object of class 'data.table' or 'tibble'
	o	Needed modifications due to changes in package spatstat
	o	In the new version, we allow the user to specify the level for the credible/confidence intervals for different quantities. A new argument ci.level has been incorporated into the functions. By default 0.95.
	o	Some default hyperparameter values have been modified. In particular, the rate parameter of the gamma prior distribution for the precisions (inverse variances) of each component has been set to 0.5 when data is standardised. See functions priorcontrol.dpm() and priorcontrol.bnp() for more details on the default values. Also, the precision parameter of the Dirichlet process prior (alpha) is now regarded as fixed (in the previous version we considered a gamma prior distrubution for it). 
	o	For consistency with the output values of cROC.bnp and AROC.bnp, the names of some output values of function pooledROC.dpm have been modified (in particular, those returned in argument fit. See function pooledROC.dpm() for details).

	CHANGES in `ROCnReg' VERSION 1.0-6
		
	o	Paper published in R-Journal. Citation added
	o   Mantainer's email changed

	CHANGES in `ROCnReg' VERSION 1.0-7
		
	o	Bugs corrected

		
